Upload your project proposal here...
Project 1

Academic Administration Application
Proposal:
Administration Problems:
1. Taking attendance in the class and re-entering them on to server may be time taking   and boring to do all those things. 
2. Difficult to prepare timetable for classes.
3. Difficult to calculate the grades accurately of all students for a semester.
Solution:
Why cannot we have an application to solve all these boring work stuff?
Requirements:
Web Frame Work, Database, Android Studios, and server
Design:
There will be different applications for three different users. 
Users:
1.Teacher  2.Student. 3.Admin

Teacher is accessible to attendance and grading database of students  for entering and modifying .
Student  is accessible to know his attendance and grade of his subjects and not accessible to modify it.
3.Admin is accessible to course registration and timetable sheduling.

 


Project 2

Bank Help Android Application
Proposal:
    Many people in both rural and urban areas do not how to approach a bank and get benefits from it. 'Bank Help ' will be focussing on it. It will help people to know about banks and make communication strong between bank and public.

Benefits:
 1. Helps to choose to a best one among the banks in city or town for a particular type of loan.
2. Displays type of schemes, benefits and interest rates etc., about all banks around chosen region.
3. Help's to communicate freely and get benefits from banks.


Requirements:
Android Studios, Mobile and Server.



Design: 
A user of application is allowed to select the region. It will display the list of banks available there.
If we select the bank it will give the list of functions happening or facilities available and instructions to get those facilities.
If we choose a particular type of loan or benefit required in search it will give best among the search. 




Project 3 

Event Organisation Portal
Proposal:
People will be confused to select event planners or individual teams .Or it may be cost to have event planners. Event may be any kind EX: Marriage, Felicitation, etc. 
Event Organisation will solve that problem
Requirements:
Web Frame Work, API, Database
Design:
Users will be provided to search for best Team in a category like DJ, Orchestra, grocery, costumes, preist and Decorators etc.
Users will get a group of teams required for an event in specified budget of user asked in search bar.
Live Streaming of event is provided.




#### I have uploaded documentations of three  projects in the Team Document folder.
